docs(announcements): add note on updating Web Modeler 8.2 to a newer version (#3499)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/reference/announcements.md

[Release notes](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform/releases/tag/8.2.0)
[Release blog](https://camunda.com/blog/2023/04/camunda-platform-8-2-key-to-scaling-automation/)

> ### Update from Web Modeler 8.2 to a newer version
> 
> Web Modeler versions 8.2.7 to 8.2.12 are affected by [camunda/issues#677](https://github.com/camunda/issues/issues/677).
> 
> If you are running one of these versions, first update to Web Modeler 8.2.13 (or a later patch version), before you update to a newer minor version (8.3 or above).
> 
> If you are running Web Modeler <= 8.2.6, you can directly update to a newer minor version.

Reviewer: Just some minor suggestions (applies to the versioned docs, too):

```suggestion
### Update from Web Modeler 8.2 to a later minor version

Web Modeler versions 8.2.7 to 8.2.12 are affected by [camunda/issues#677](https://github.com/camunda/issues/issues/677).

If you are using one of these versions, you should first update to Web Modeler 8.2.13 (or a subsequent patch version) before upgrading to a later minor version (8.3 or higher).

If your current version of Web Modeler is 8.2.6 or earlier, you may directly upgrade to a later minor version.
```

Author: Thanks, sounds good 👍🏻.

Author: @wollefitz I've incorporated your suggestions already.
